docs(google-maps): Add docs for Google Maps components (#17377)
angular/components: src/google-maps/README.md

# Angular Google Maps component

This component provides a Google Maps Angular component that implements the
[Google Maps JavaScript API](https://developers.google.com/maps/documentation/javascript/tutorial).
File any bugs against the [angular/components repo](https://github.com/angular/components/issues).

## Installation

To install, run `npm install @angular/google-maps`.

## Loading the API

- First follow [these steps](https://developers.google.com/maps/gmp-get-started) to get an API key that can be used to load Google Maps.

> - Make sure that the API is loaded before bootstrapping the `GoogleMap` component. See the [example](#example) below.

Reviewer: We should point to the main docs for loading the web API here:
https://developers.google.com/maps/documentation/javascript/tutorial#Loading_the_Maps_API

Author: Done.

## GoogleMap

> The `GoogleMap` component wraps the [`google.maps.Map` class](https://developers.google.com/maps/documentation/javascript/reference/map) from the Google Maps JavaScript API. Settings for the map are set using inputs. The `options` input accepts a [`google.maps.MapOptions` object](https://developers.google.com/maps/documentation/javascript/reference/map#MapOptions), and there are convenience inputs for just setting the `center` and `zoom` of the map if you don't want to create an entire `google.maps.MapOptions` object. There are also `height` and `width` inputs that accept a string to set the size of the Google map. [Events](https://developers.google.com/maps/documentation/javascript/reference/map#Map.bounds_changed) are set using the outputs of the `GoogleMap` component, although events that return a `MouseEvent` have been given a "map" prefix so as to not interfere with Angular's native mouse event handling behavior. Other methods and properties set on a `google.maps.Map` object are available by providing an instance of the GoogleMap component using the [`ViewChild` decorator](https://angular.io/api/core/ViewChild).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `GoogleMap` component wraps the [`google.maps.Map` class](https://developers.google.com/maps/documentation/javascript/reference/map) from the Google Maps JavaScript API. You can configure the map via the component's inputs. The `options` input accepts a full [`google.maps.MapOptions` object](https://developers.google.com/maps/documentation/javascript/reference/map#MapOptions), and the component additionally offers convenience inputs for setting the `center` and `zoom` of the map without needing an entire `google.maps.MapOptions` object. The `height` and `width` inputs accept a string to set the size of the Google map. [Events](https://developers.google.com/maps/documentation/javascript/reference/map#Map.bounds_changed) can be bound using the outputs of the `GoogleMap` component, although events have the same name as native mouse events (e.g. `mouseenter`) have been prefixed with "map" as to not collide with the native mouse events. Other members on the `google.maps.Map` object are available by providing an instance of the GoogleMap component using the [`ViewChild` decorator](https://angular.io/api/core/ViewChild).
```

Reviewer: I also don't quite understand the final sentence in this paragraph

Author: Adopted these changes and reworded the last sentence.

See the [example](#example) below or the [source](./google-map/google-map.ts) to read the API.

## MapMarker

> The `MapMarker` component wraps the [`google.maps.Marker` class](https://developers.google.com/maps/documentation/javascript/reference/marker#Marker) from the Google Maps JavaScript API. The `MapMarker` component will display a marker on the map when it is a child of a `GoogleMap` component. Like the `GoogleMap` component, there is an `options` input as well as convenience inputs for `position`, `title`, `label`, and `clickable`, and supports all `google.maps.Marker` events as outputs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `MapMarker` component wraps the [`google.maps.Marker` class](https://developers.google.com/maps/documentation/javascript/reference/marker#Marker) from the Google Maps JavaScript API. The `MapMarker` component displays a marker on the map when it is a content child of a `GoogleMap` component. Like `GoogleMap`, this component offers an `options` input as well as convenience inputs for `position`, `title`, `label`, and `clickable`, and supports all `google.maps.Marker` events as outputs.
```

Author: Done.

## Example

```typescript
// example-module.ts

import {CommonModule} from '@angular/common';
import {HttpClientJsonpModule, HttpClientModule} from '@angular/common/http';
import {NgModule} from '@angular/core';
import {GoogleMapsModule} from '@angular/google-maps';

import {GoogleMapDemo} from './google-map-demo';

@NgModule({
  imports: [
    CommonModule,
    GoogleMapsModule,
    HttpClientJsonpModule,
    HttpClientModule,
  ],
  declarations: [GoogleMapDemo],
})
export class GoogleMapDemoModule {
}

// example-app.ts
import {HttpClient} from '@angular/common/http';
import {Component, ViewChild} from '@angular/core';
import {MapInfoWindow, MapMarker} from '@angular/google-maps';

/** Demo Component for @angular/google-maps/map */
@Component({
  selector: 'google-map-demo',
  templateUrl: 'google-map-demo.html',
})
export class GoogleMapDemo {
  @ViewChild(MapInfoWindow, {static: false}) infoWindow: MapInfoWindow;

  isReady = false;

  center = {lat: 24, lng: 12};
  markerOptions = {draggable: false};
  markerPositions: google.maps.LatLngLiteral[] = [];
  zoom = 4;
  display?: google.maps.LatLngLiteral;

  constructor(httpClient: HttpClient) {

>     httpClient.jsonp('https://maps.googleapis.com/maps/api/js?key=<YOUR_API_KEY>', 'callback')

Reviewer: Why do this instead of adding a script tag to `index.html` for the basic example?

Author: My concern was that the basic example would not show how to make sure that the API was loaded before loading the Google Maps components. Do you think this would be okay if we included the link you suggested for loading the API? Another solution would be to use an index.html file as you suggested for the basic example, but also including an "advanced" example like this.

Author: Changed to use index.html as suggested.

      .subscribe(() => {
        this.isReady = true;
      });
  }

>   handleClick(event: google.maps.MouseEvent) {

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  addMarker(event: google.maps.MouseEvent) {
```

Author: Done

    this.markerPositions.push(event.latLng.toJSON());
  }

>   handleMove(event: google.maps.MouseEvent) {

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  move(event: google.maps.MouseEvent) {
```

Author: Done

    this.display = event.latLng.toJSON();
  }

>   clickMarker(marker: MapMarker) {

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  openInfoWindow(marker: MapMarker) {
```

Author: Done

    this.infoWindow.open(marker);
  }

>   handleRightclick() {

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  removeLastMarker() {
```

Author: Done

# Angular Google Maps component

> This component provides a Google Maps angular component that implements the

Reviewer 2: Angular should be capitalized.

Author: Done

[Google Maps JavaScript API](https://developers.google.com/maps/documentation/javascript/tutorial).
File any bugs against the [angular/components repo](https://github.com/angular/components/issues).

## Installation

To install, run `npm install @angular/google-maps`.

## Loading the API

- First follow [these steps](https://developers.google.com/maps/gmp-get-started) to get an API key that can be used to load Google Maps.
- Make sure that the API is loaded before bootstrapping the GoogleMap component. See the [example](#example) below.

## GoogleMap

> The GoogleMap component wraps the [google.maps.Map class](https://developers.google.com/maps/documentation/javascript/reference/map) from the Google Maps JavaScript API. Settings for the map are set using inputs. The `options` input accepts a [google.maps.MapOptions object](https://developers.google.com/maps/documentation/javascript/reference/map#MapOptions), and there are convenience inputs for just setting the `center` and `zoom` of the map if you don't want to create an entire google.maps.MapOptions object. There are also `height` and `width` inputs that accept a string to set the size of the Google map. [Events](https://developers.google.com/maps/documentation/javascript/reference/map#Map.bounds_changed) are set using the outputs of the GoogleMap component, although events that return a MouseEvent have been given a "map" prefix so as to not interfere with Angular's native mouse event handling behavior. Other methods and properties set on a google.maps.Map object are available by providing an instance of the GoogleMap component using the [ViewChild decorator](https://angular.io/api/core/ViewChild).

Reviewer 2: Add backticks around references to code (e.g. `GoogleMap` and `ViewChild`).

Author: Done.

See the [example](#example) below or the [source](./map-marker/map-marker.ts) to read the API.

## MapInfoWindow

The MapInfoWindow component wraps the [google.maps.InfoWindow class](https://developers.google.com/maps/documentation/javascript/reference/info-window#InfoWindow) from the Google Maps JavaScript API. The Info Window has a `options` input as well as a convenience `position` input. Content for the MapInfoWindow is the inner HTML of the component, and will keep the structure and css styling of any content that is put there when it is displayed as an InfoWindow on the map.

To display the MapInfoWindow, it must be a child of a GoogleMap component, and it must have its `open` method called, so a reference to MapInfoWindow will need to be loaded using the [ViewChild decorator](https://angular.io/api/core/ViewChild). The `open` method accepts an MapMarker as an optional input, if you want to anchor the MapInfoWindow to a MapMarker.

See the [example](#example) below or the [source](./map-info-window/map-info-window.ts) to read the API.

## Other Google Maps features

> Wrappers for other Google Maps features such as Polygons or overlays are not yet implemented, but can be used by directly accessing the google.maps.Map object on the GoogleMap component, which is sat as the `_googleMap` property.

Reviewer 2: Maybe we should remove the underscore from `_googleMap` if it's intended to be used publicly?

Author: Hmmmmmmmm, good point. I don't really want this to be made public, but since it's a gigantic API that isn't yet fully replicated by these components, I thought users would sometimes need to have access to the underlying google.maps.Map object. I have removed this section for now, and will add it back in when I make googleMap public in a separate pr.
